Add new available dataset: Cybis Pereira et al. (2026) (#48)
confusius-tools/confusius: docs/user-guide/datasets.md

    | `dlc-videos`                | DeepLabCut behavior tracking videos        |

    Derivatives are small relative to `rawdata`, so fetching a single derivative
    across all subjects is often the right first step:

    ```python
    from confusius.datasets import fetch_cybis_pereira_2026

    # All subjects, GLM-speed derivative only.
    bids_root = fetch_cybis_pereira_2026(datasets="glm-speed")

    # Or raw data for a single subject, session, and acquisition slice.
    bids_root = fetch_cybis_pereira_2026(
        datasets="rawdata",
        subjects="rat73",
        sessions="20220523",
        acqs="slice32",
    )
    ```

## Refreshing the Dataset Index

Each fetcher caches a `dataset_index.json` mapping BIDS-relative paths to OSF file
IDs. Pass `refresh=True` to re-fetch this index from OSF and download any new files
that appeared since the last call:

```python
# Pick up any files added to OSF since the last fetch.
bids_root = fetch_nunez_elizalde_2022(subjects=["CR020"], refresh=True)
```

Existing local files are never re-downloaded—`refresh=True` only adds what is
missing.

## Working with fUSI-BIDS Datasets

> Datasets fetcher return a [`pathlib.Path`][pathlib.Path] to the dataset's root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataset fetchers return a [`pathlib.Path`][pathlib.Path] to the dataset's root
```
